Slightly reword the first sentence of the intro and include SD-JWT VC in the (non-exhaustive) list of formats (#252)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

# Introduction

> This specification defines an OAuth protected API for the issuance of Verifiable Credentials. Credentials can be of any format, including, but not limited to, W3C formats [@VC_DATA], mDL [@ISO.18013-5], and SD-JWT VC [@I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc].

Reviewer: I don't want to be picky but not all endpoints defined in this specification are OAuth protected.

You might also want to use "Verifiable Credentials" in the second sentence.

Reviewer 2: we are not talking about Authz/Token endpoints here. All endpoints used for the issuance (Credential, Batch, Deferred, Notification) are OAuth protected.

Reviewer: @Sakurann , I didn't refer to Authz/Token endpoints. This specification also defines & introduces /.well-known/openid-credential-issuer that isn't an OAuth protected API.

Reviewer 2: Let's not be picky at that level in the introduction.

> This specification defines an OAuth protected API for the issuance of Verifiable Credentials. Credentials can be of any format, including, but not limited to, W3C formats [@VC_DATA], mDL [@ISO.18013-5], and SD-JWT VC [@I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification defines an OAuth protected API for the issuance of Verifiable Credentials. Credentials can be of any format, including, but not limited to, SD-JWT VC [@I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc], mDL [@ISO.18013-5], and VCDM [@VC_DATA].
```
